So we blow it up
for being clever,
I'm not writing to my boss anymore, I'm really
sorry, we'll bring up
the subject tomorrow. The reason is a kiss, but maybe
Alba's thing is worth more
in magazines than a kiss, it's that they
're secretly avenging me, man, and
that's not a topic to advance the
magazine, no way, let's see, it's powerful
but not for You think that you think it
can go on the cover of reading at the
window, even if it's in a small window,
Alba might be out of work, yes, knowing about
reading like that, like a
complaint, like a
protest,
a lot of doors are always closed to her,
Alba makes me feel sorry, I feel sorry to understand
people, I know that they hate her, but I feel sorry for her, in
the sense that she's a very playful girl,
even though she's very unstable and has her
flaws because I know it too, but but
man, I don't know how to
play, plays in her favor, damn, damn it, she's not a
one, she's not Alejandra Rubio,
understand me I mean at the game level Yes, but
she, she, when they fired Antonio David,
what was his attitude, do you think that yes,
yes, yes, I don't argue with that, I'm
referring to as a television personality, you know, I
mean  I don't know I think she is I
think
the people who say she
's bad are screwing up I know her beyond just
hanging out with her and all that I don't think she
's really bad really I mean I think she
has a thousand flaws that she's hyper
emotionally unstable that she has little
problem taritas but I don't think she's
bad at heart I think she's
crazy and that she makes a lot of mistakes but I
don't think her heart is bad I think
her temper is very bad but her heart isn't
Although you can't live from heart you know but
we're talking about that
already topics Jorge and all that's over
what topic of course Jorge has gotten his way
my goodness
how strong eh wow Jorge Look
ask happiness they don't say
Ask Feliciano no Feliciano
gave his life martyr Alba that I have
suffered eh with Feliciano in meetings that
I have suffered what Feliciano eh
If people knew If people knew
what Feliciano did to Alba and how
Alba had to be with López Ivor and how he ended
up and the books that he had to read
about a certain type of person with him  Mr.
Feliciano, I mean, the example of Feliciano,
no, give me the one of Fonsi and I'll buy it,
but the one of Feliciano, no, eh, eh,
and I don't want to talk about football, what a
Feliciano, I swear, Javi, eh. I
really
think he's a great guy. And
Alba has put up with
a lot of things. I don't buy the example of Feliciano, I mean, eh, eh, eh, I don't want to, no, no, I don't justify the things that he said, some of the
things that Alba said about him, she
went crazy on television, but no, no, the
thing about happiness, no, Alba lived through
hell with that man and I know it and I
believe it because she recounted things
that I've also experienced in my life and
the profile matched. I said, no, I said,
runaway, runaway, no, no, no, total, total, total,
and now what can
Alba Carrillo do now without Telecinco? I don't
know, nothing. No, man, let's
see, Alba, Alba is much more intelligent
than people think, she's more cultured
than people think, she's a woman who
reads a lot, she's I don't know if she's  on the
fourth day of criminology what happens
is that she has gone down the wrong path because she is
involved in controversies And that does not
favor her but I think that her thing Well I do
n't know what happens is that now nobody would
hire her sincerely for anything else
because she is very stained I
mean you know I don't know I mean no she has businesses or has something else apart from this No she collaborates with brands she collaborates with a clothing that they left to me living the life that was cocker criminology people laugh she is in fourth and on test and she is
good No no
Really really really it is
that people are in fourth and she studies a
lot and gets great grades that the super
intelligent aunt we are used to seeing her
in a situation Of
course but I really tell you I mean it is
by three by three strong is strong Hey
could we bring her to speak for the
first time here
yeah man yes we are recycling all the metals let's
go let's go
doing here tele
this how strong man is that I am
never glad that they are at work nobody
should listen should listen should listen
should listen to her words
when  they fired Antonio David these
people no because if suddenly you
click on me I'm screw you screw you you ca
n't work anymore but it doesn't
sound familiar to me but imagine no if there's some kind
of clip now bend it bend it to
work for real your story is over that I do
n't know it doesn't sound familiar to me eh from the soul
because I've made videos of Alba and no no
that doesn't sound familiar to me you know but We
would have to see what
she said about such and such but it seems like a mistake on
35's part to censor so much content
I don't but no words from my source
This has just started man of course it's
true if you're throwing Alba out
then that seems like a miguelfrie to me
José Antonio Avilés
Alexia you say no but come on
Alexia I'm not telling you no I mean listen to
what I'm telling you if not I'd say no
In fact tomorrow I think he has two
promoters of the chain on the floor I mean
no no let's go ahead let's go it's going the other way
around no no no no the most controversial are the ones who are
most fixed on Telecinco of
all their lives or more marked are those who
run more
a Belén Esteban you think similar but I
think specifically not
the TV factory as a sign of
solidity in the factory but come on it's that how
strong how strong Kiko
Hernández to the street seven imagine is that they are
not interested it is not interested
because like Kiko casque That is the typical
Untouchable who knows that here he knows here
with I think they are terrified of him fear they don't kick
him out I think they don't kick him out but they have
always had the thing of not kicking him out
because of that I if more than once they have
considered it he was without going doing
much for a month and a half it seems to me portal and
I think they don't do it for that reason
Matamoros not a chance I think not a chance
no
Patiño and things like that
and the Campos No no yes you can imagine I wish I wish I wish It's that you
know what happens that I don't like
more people man and there are many
blows there are many there are many many
almost everyone almost everyone has I don't know I think
if I were working there being almost
anyone from Sálvame or any of the
majority of programs  I would be
scared, I
mean because where are many of them
going to go because others are later
picked up from somewhere but the majority don't there are
some that do because you tell me an
Aurelio Manzano and things like that no Beatriz
Cortázar who is at a party that now
we'll see what she said about Ana
Obregón now
obviously she doesn't care the first thing is that it
is not the profile of people they are
throwing out and the second thing is that in the case that it
were
if they go to other places but for
example a skilled one is not going to a place No
in fact Sálvame was like his last such
you know it doesn't make sense No he's not
going anywhere and many of those who
are there either Hey and Ana Ana María
eldón day with all of them days are numbered it's that
no
how bad to see yourself in that situation
they are ephemeral people they do not have a
long career, I mean they have
very peak moments and then you have to assume that it is that it
ends you have to know how to stay with
the good moment and that's it you know then
there are other profiles like The
professionals that remain But these
rise as they earn more money but then they
disappear to make way for others
it's  that is normal is that no, in short, that's it